make freebsd documentation way better (#3)
ProcursusTeam/docs: Development/Building/FreeBSD.md

sudo sh -c 'echo "none /proc linprocfs rw" >> /etc/fstab
```

## Install dependencies

Install dependencies with `pkg`.

```sh
sudo pkg install autoconf automake bash cmake coreutils docbook-xsl dpkg fakeroot findutils gettext git gmake gnugrep gnupg gsed gtar libtool libplist ncurses openssl patch perl5 pkgconf po4a python39 wget zstd
```

You'll also need to install `triehash`

```sh
wget -O triehash https://raw.githubusercontent.com/julian-klode/triehash/main/triehash.pl
gsed -i 's|#!/usr/bin/perl -w|#!/usr/bin/env perl -w|g' triehash
sudo install -m755 triehash /usr/local/bin
```

## Install toolchain

### Automatic install

[This script](https://gist.github.com/asdfugil/8d629aa1d9f5080a4c6c868b47600879) will setup your SDKs, cctools-port with your iOS toolchain, and other dependencies needed.

To run the script

```sh
wget -qO- https://gist.githubusercontent.com/asdfugil/8d629aa1d9f5080a4c6c868b47600879/raw/d845a136b5e1d447d8bd5a042199f8a309d684ab/procursus-toolchain-fbsd.sh | bash
```

Then, add the following to your shell's startup file (such as ~/.profile)

```sh
export PATH=${HOME}/.local/bin:${PATH}
export GNUBINDIR=${HOME}/.local/libexec/gnubin
```

### Manual install

> If you want to install the toolchain manually for whatever reason,
> 
> Export the location where you want to install the toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install the toolchain manually for whatever reason, begin with exporting the location where you want to install the toolchain.
```

Try making this more seamless than a cliffhanging sentence. The suggestion clips the two together. Other than this, it lgtm.
